 just the Africa and they think Africa is a land of the cursed, it's not. The word God
 never said Africa was cursed. Let's look at the executive of the scriptures. Let's
 start by breaking the cursed lie and then I'll show you why we need to understand this
 prophetically in the book of Genesis chapter number nine from the verse 25, the Genesis
 number nine from verse 25, all right. The Bible says from verse 24, we see concerning
 how that when Noah awoke from his wine and found out what his youngest son had done to
 him he said, now who did that which was done? The Bible said that Ham obviously which was
 Africa, the Bible said that he saw the nakedness of his son and when of his father Noah and
 he went to tell the two brothers who were Shem and Jaffyth about the nakedness of Noah.
 Now according to the word of God when we talk about nakedness, know that the crime that
 was committed by Ham was intense than just seeing a naked body. When the Bible talks
 about seeing the nakedness of a man, it was actually talking about something beyond that,
 all right. Theologically there are some people that would say that that nakedness there was
 talking about the fact that Ham actually had an intercourse with a wife of Noah, all right.
 But that's what we are trying to do here, what we are seeing is what Africa actually
 is and what Africans will have to see, how this will work, we're starting with Africa.
 Now watch this, the Bible says in the verse 45 that Noah said, curse be killom, the lowest
 of sleeps won't he be to his brothers. So Noah did not curse Ham, Noah cursed the produce
 that came between Ham and Noah's wife which was killom. Now watch this, so Noah said,
 yes be killom, now killom is the son of Ham but the curse was a killom, people of God,
 I'm just picking scripture, all right. So I would hold that we don't take me out of
 context because there are same things I'm going to say and since we are group all community,
 I need to teach away from what it is, so just give me with that, all right. I'm teaching
 on Africa but I need to make you understand, according to the word of God, the Canaanites
 are not Africans but then Ham gave birth to Canaan. In other words, Africa gave birth
 to the Canaanites, the Canaanites, they became the Middle East, all right. So it was not
 on Cush or Mizrim or Put, who are Africa. So Cush, Mizrim, Put, they are not, they are
 Africa but the Canaanites are actually Middle Eastern, now watch this. According to the
 Hebrew, the word Ham is from the word Shit, a left man, which actually is the way that
 when you're saying it, you see it as ham or plum, all right. So ham actually meant
 hot, warm, black or burnt. Now, that was not an insult but a description of the region,
 in other words, when we talk about the Hamitic continent, we are dealing with the hot climate.
 So that is what the identity of the Hamites were. Why do we need to know all of this? You see
 as we go on. So Africa's sons, in Genesis chapter 10 verse 6, the Bible says that in
 the sons of Ham were Cush, Mizrim, Put and Canaan, all right. So Cush, Mizrim, Put, they
 were actually the original Africans, but then Canaan, they were the ones that branched
 as Mizrim, Middle Eastern, so Middle East actually hails from Africa. Okay, as you go,
 there's anything you get to know. Now watch this. When we look at one of the sons of Ham called
 Cush, Cush, when we say the Cushites, who are the Cushites? The Cushites are the people
 from the sub-Saharan Africa, all right. I want to know, I told you that every single thing
 is in the scriptures, this window, you need to know that I should teach you content in
 the continent. Now watch this. Cush. Actually, when we say the Cushites, to dig the Cushites
 are the ones that are the Ethiopians, Sudanese, Central Africans and the South Saharan Africa.
 We have the people that were called the Hebrew Kush, which is the Black region of that is South
 to Egypt, all right. Yeah, so we have the Black region, which is South of Egypt. Now,
 this is going to make some of you now see something in a beautiful way here. Listen,
 according to the scriptures, the Hebrews were actually seen to be Blacks. So because Cushites,
 out of the Cushites, we have Hebrews now. Watch this. Watch this. I don't want to go away to Hebrew,
 but it's going to be a long thing. I want to go into just Africa, no? And most of the city just
 Hebrew, but I want to show you this. Remember that the Bible says that Moses, Moses was
 actually a Hebrew baby. And Moses, when there was a killing, the Bible said that Moses was,
 was put on the water, how he got the name Musi, which means one that was drawn out of water, right.
 So Moses was called Musi, one drawn out of water, but who adopted Moses? It was the daughter
 of Pharaoh, who is Egypt? Now, watch this. Now, we all know that ancient Egypt, they were Black
 skinned. If ancient Israel was white skinned, he couldn't have been adopted by an Egyptian
 daughter, a Pharaoh's daughter. So there was one in skin color. He was raised until he got to realize
 who he actually was, even though his mother, his, his, his, he was his sister, so was waking in the,
 in the palace and all of that. But there were one in complexion, so much that, so much that Pharaoh
 or the people around could never know that this was not actually the son, to Pharaoh's daughter.
 So get it. We are dealing with a region here. So when we talk about the Kushites, we are dealing
 with our precious people of Ethiopia, Sudan, Central Africa, Sub-Saharan Africa. Now, Sub-Saharan
 Africa is what is called the Hebrew Kushites. Now, they are in what is called the Black region
 of the, of Southern Egypt. So going into the Middle East, but not really Middle East, you get it.
 So there was like that. Now the Bible talks about Kush. Now we've seen Kush. Now the second one
 is Mizrim. Now Mizrim actually is the word that actually talks about Egypt. Now watch this.
 Egypt had two forms. There was what we call the dual forms of Egypt. There were two kinds of
 Egyptians. Number one, there was the Upper Egypt and there was the Noah Egypt. So the, the Upper
 Egypt and the Noah Egypt is also known as North Africa. Now, North Africa is one of the most
 mentioned nation in the Bible outside Israel because Mizrim is actually seen and mentioned over 600
 times in the Bible. Now this is what I'm going to make you see that the Bible really was not brought
 to us. Sorry, what I mean is that the Bible was not really transported to Africa in the might
 that of colonialism. Something came up and then things were changed by some people, but Africans
 were not introduced to God, or to Jesus, or to the Scriptures, to the Holy One which is
 yelling by whites. No. That's what I wanted to see that from their very own sex. They existed.
 So those people that have that notion that the gospel is a white gospel,
 the devil is just the same in you because you really don't know what the gospel really is.
 You really don't know. Now watch this. We've seen that Kushites are Ethiopian, Sudanese,
 Central Africa, Sub-Saharan Africa. Now when, when, when God was saving the nation of,
 of more, which is with the children, Shim Ham Jafid. I understand that all the human
 whites because their generations are the people I've mentioned. Now we've seen Mizrim now. Now,
 we also see that other children, the other child, sorry, of ham, which was poops. Now,
 a paraski tulab and diesel dish. We've been surprised to know this, but listen,
 that's with Kenan, but watch this. Poops. Actually, from poops, we have nations like Libya,
 some parts of North Africa, Somalia, parts of West Africa. For example, mention in the book of
 Ezekiel chapter 27 verse 10. Look at this. Ezekiel chapter 27, understand the Bible calls them
 warriors. In the book of Ezekiel chapter 27, understand the Bible says that men of Persia,
 men of Libya and poops, Libya and poops, said are soldiers in your army. They hung their shields
 and helmet on your walls because behind the shields and helmets on your walls,
 bringing you splendor. It's fine. All matters that you hear. So we've seen that when we talk
 about poops, we are dealing with Libya, North Africa, Somalia, parts of West Africa. Now,
 I am dating you back before those anything like Africans sticking to the Caribbean,
 because we know that the Caribbean lands, they know that they find their roots way back in Africa.
 So when we are talking about the Caribbean, we are still dealing with Africa. So,
 Caribbean's understand that I'm still dealing with you because you are the brand skinned.
 What is called the brand skin? So when you hear the scriptures talk about black skin,
 it is not racism in any form. No. Rather, it just talks about the people that are in the hot
 climates because of how melanin affects the skin or makes the skin look like.
 Then we have Canaan. Canaan is not Africa. Rather, Canaan is Middle East.
 And majority of Canaan's land became the Israel that was born. Now, mind you, right after that
 moment, we saw that that's lived really and everything that was said about the Canaan,
 about the Canaanites, was seen because why Canaan was now under my dream.
 But there's a whole lot there that many people really haven't really seen in the word of God.
 There's so much to know. But let's focus on Africa.
 So Africa in the Bible is kush, misrin and kut.
 What means that it's from Egypt down to South Africa?
 Everyone there is part of this. Now, according to the Bible,
 while we are another, you would see in some parts that
 Africa's actual name in the scriptures is also the name Ethiopia.
 So the word Ethiopia actually means Africa. So when you see Ethiopia in the scriptures,
 it's not all the time that Ethiopia in the scripture means that nation of Ethiopia that
 is known now. Now, we can go into actually what we need to understand today.
 What was actually Africa known for? When the scriptures mentioned Africa,
 when the nations had Africa, what was Africa known for? Africa had seven biblical identities
 that still stands still today. So those of you that are of the brand skin,
 if you've forgotten who you are, I am going to explain to you who you are, according to the word
 of God today. I think tomorrow I'm going to Europe. So Ethiopia is still real. I'll be taking
 every continent. Now, watch this. The first thing Africa was known for was that Africa was known as
 the land of riches and gold. So in the days of gold, you couldn't talk about rich men
 without actually mentioning Africa because majority, if not 90% of riches, was in Africa.
 Now, what was riches and gold, that's what the Bible calls the offer and havila. So you see it
 in scriptures like because of time, because there are a lot of things we have to talk about,
 and I'm trying to be on time. That's why I studied earlier. Now, you see scriptures like
 Genesis chapter 2, verse 11 to 13, first king chapter 10, verse 1 to 10, and second chronicles
 chapter 9. All right, it talks about Africa as the land of riches and gold. Now, watch this.
 The word havila meant the land of gold or dellion or onyx. So gold, dellion, and onyx.
 Many biblical scholars living from the days of old know and place havila in Africa. So,
 when we talk about havila, the way we've seen especially around the regions of Sudan, Ethiopia,
 Juneau, and some parts of western Africa and all of that. But also, when we look at the
 wet offer, the wet offer was actually the word that stood for gold, especially like the gold for
 Solomon's Temple in the book of first king chapter 9, verse number 28, going downwards. The offer
 that was seen was for Africa. So in other words, Africa builds the temple by what African product
 produced and how by the temple of Solomon, so the temple of Solomon came from the offer or from the
 land of havila. So again, offer and havila are all parts of Africa. All right, so for example,
 the name Ghana, for instance, Ghana was first called the Gold Coast, right? In other words,
 the cost are a reason where you find a lot of gold. So you see, same and loiting
 it travels through. We know how that Ghana has one of the wonderful gold in the whole of the world.
 South Africa too has gold, one of the most quality groups of Africa, you know, and some other African
 countries in some other places, of course, but you see that you can talk about certain
 riches of minerals without talking about Africa. For instance, in Zambia, you can talk about genuine
 and right copper without talking about the copper built. I've been there, I've seen it, right? And
 you'll see that the quality of natural resources are mostly found and connected with Africa. Why?
 Because there is a reason. Now let's move on. Do you all remember considering the queen of Shiba?
 According to the word of gold, Shiba is seen as Saba. So the queen of Shiba was the queen of Saba.
 Now Saba was made of german and Ethiopia. Now, Ethiopia's tradition says that she is the African
 queen from Aksi. Alright, now that is what Ethiopian tradition says. In other words, what she did was
 she brought gold and spices, first came to the tent. During that she brought gold and spices,
 where did she get the gold from? From Aksi where some want in Africa. So she was the queen of Saba.
 The way Shiba is an anglicized way of how it was actually called.
 Now this is the provided way you need to understand. What I mean by everything I've said so far is
 Africa's identity has never been poverty. Africa is not a public place and the people of Africa
 are not poor. Let me tell you this. The only thing that makes African poor is either foolishness
 or negligence or ignorance, but Africans in themselves are rich in the nature.
 And nobody, no continent can take it out of Africa. It's not possible.
 The word of gold proves it and life proves it.
 I hope we all know that the one we call, I hope we all know that, right?
 I hope you know that it is actually from South Africa.
 I hope you know that. Okay, and if you look through, you'd realize that if you look through the whole
 of what, how do you call these people? These things of rich men, that network of rich men
 that you got, how do you call it? You realize that majority of the people of African descent or
 Africans are connected with Africa one way or the other. Because prophetically, when we see Africa,
 when you mention the wet Africa, you mention the land of riches. When you see Africa,
 you've literally said the land of riches. That's what Africa means.
 So, gold belongs to Africa. Now, look at this. In the book of the tournament chapter eight, there's nine.
 The tournament chapter eight, there's nine. The Bible talks about the land whose poems are iron,
 bronze. In other words, we all know, and the Bible also confirms it, that Africa is a resource
 continent. Okay, there is no company in this earth that has found genuine roots in
 business, and there has no has something to do with Africa. It's not possible. It's not.
 I'll go more into this. But slavery, the truth is that slavery has not really taken the riches
 of Africa from Africa. You know, because Africans make Africa more of Africa. And one thing you
 got to know, you know this, you know that sometimes people think and they feel like something like
 gold and all of that will finish. They will actually not finish. prophetically, I can tell you this,
 that as long as Africans think Africa, the earth will find a way to still produce more of the
 things that are means for Africans, as long as Europeans are still in Europe,
 the earth will make sure that it brings forth what Europe is meant to have, as long as Asia
 is still in Asia. So all what the land means is one person that identifies with that land,
 or whose placenta or something about that person has been from that land, then that land will
 keep producing that which is meant for the people. That's how this earth works. Now, so the tournament
 8-9, let me open that quickly. The tournament is at 8-9. Look at what the Bible says.
 "A learned where bread will not be scarce and you will not lack nothing. A learned where the rocks
 are ironed and you can dig copper out of the hills." Where can you dig copper out of hills?
 I gave you one of the, one example. One of the places you can dig copper out of the hills,
 is Zambia. Come on, Zambia has an entire place, an entire province called the Copper Belt.
 Do you see it? So the Bible says that this land is a learned where bread will not be scarce.
 So Africa does not get scarce into your bread. And Africans lack nothing, really,
 but we see a lot of poverty going on. Okay, fine. One thing that I realize is that especially when
 many people that are not of African descent, when they come to Africa, they get surprised.
 I saw a video of where I live personally, as well, as where I am.
 Almost every night, the normal sports cars I hear pass by and the noise they make,
 and sometimes you hear them. When they are passing by with all their nitroducers and all of that,
 the number of times I hear cars pass by different types that are supercars are more than
 10 to 20 in a day. Imagine that this is just my road. So you can imagine, so Africa is not
 as poor as people think. That's what I'm trying to make you understand. Africa is not as poor
 as people think. No, it's not. The only thing is that, that media has shown in particular Africa,
 which is not really Africa in itself. The last time I was showing one of us here from Austria,
 a video of Tanzania, she was shocked. She was like, wait, is this Tanzania? I said, yes,
 I've been there. And they're like, exactly how it is. And she's like, no, no, no, it's AI. I said,
 AI, you don't know Africa. You don't know Africa yet. You see, so it's not like that.
 So you see, it's a land where you don't, you don't, you don't, you don't like,
 the Bible says that it's a land, it's a land where there's no lack of bread.
 Yeah, the media, the media makes everything, everything looks like, look like Africa's poor.
 It's not like that. The media is no poor. Thank you. Thank you. Pam, thank you. So you see,
 so that's what, what should Africans know for Africa? This is what you know. The first thing
 an African should understand is that it's against the nature of Africans to beg.
 Did you hear what I said, Africans? Every African here, your nature is not begging.
 As long as you beg, you've gone out of your line of what your land is meant to produce for you.
 Why? Because God already has shown you that he has put wealth under your feet.
 So the problem of Africa is not wealth. The problem of Africa is not lack. The problem of
 Africa has always been stewardship. What Africa need is rights stewards. People that can actually
 build forth a system that everyone that is black will receive that which is meant for them.
 In other words, if the Africans learn stewardship and masters stewardship,
 they will be able to make use of everything that they have under their feet. If you are listening
 to me here right now and you are on the land of Africa, just know that you are on the land
 of riches. The land you don't respect. You never even check the soil to see. That land you are
 stepping on is the richest in the entire nations of the world, in the entire world, in the entire
 continent. It was just today or yesterday that the popular lie of how the world not was was debunked.
 And many are surprised that you can't put about four or five big nations in the land of
 Africa and Africa will still have space to breathe. So it kind of looks like Africa is now seen to
 be the biggest continent in the world. You see, but because those times they were silly,
 they had to stretch it in a way and then whatever so that they can still. But now we don't use
 how many people travel by ship. It's now all different. Do you now see it? So Africans,
 you've got to understand it's not a number two. Africa was also known as the land of wisdom and
 learning. How, for example, Egypt and Alexandria. In the book of Ashota 7 verse 22, the Bible said
 that Moses was learned in all in all wisdom of Egyptians. So Africa was in land that was
 known for wisdom and learning. Africans are naturally knowledgeable and African does not need to be
 educated formally to work in wisdom. No, it's a part of Africa's nature.
 You'll see as well in 1st Kings of the 4th, 13th and as Ashota 19 verse 11. Now so I've shared
 with Ashota 7 verse 22 that Moses was learning in all wisdom of Egyptians. When the Bible talks
 about all wisdom of Egyptians, just know that the Bible is actually talking about how that
 does a system like a university system that existed in Moses's days.
 I'm telling you, you're not the first to have a PhD. Moses had a PhD. He was learning all
 of the Muslims of Egyptians, all of the wisdom. So that means that 80 school of force, Moses was
 learned in it. Can you imagine the prophet, the man of God, Moses was learned. I think God
 has called you, so you're not steady. You don't repent. How tall does this? Study because the
 way to shoot us have approved unto God, a weapon who is not to be ashamed. Now look at 1st Kings.
 1st Kings. Let's look at 1st Kings of the number 4 of the study.
 Solomon's wisdom was greater than the wisdom of all the men of the Easts and greater than all
 them, all the wisdom of Egypt. It means that when we talk about Solomon, Solomon also knowing that
 he is of an African descent. The Bible said that he was knowledgeable for him. He was knowledgeable
 that all the men of the East are of Egypt. Now as that of the 19th is 11. Let's look at this.
 As I am 19. So now everyone that you have the Black skin, some of you, you're African,
 you have never been in Africa or you've known. You don't know much about Africa, but I'm telling
 you and I'm teaching you today where the rest of the continent, I'm teaching that from tomorrow
 going. So no one should miss it. And if you know that I'm talking about you today, you needed to
 talk about someone tomorrow, the next thing. What if your wife or your husband is going to be of
 another continent? You should know much about the continent. All right, so that you can understand
 that kind of person the world has blessed you with. Do you get it? So let's keep moving on that.
 So as I am chapter number 19, verse number 11, the Bible says, "The officials of Zun
 are nothing but fools. The wise councilors of Pharaoh give senseless advice. How can you say
 to Pharaoh? I am one of the wise men, a disciple of the ancient kings." Now one who was talking about it
 was concerning a pascal of officials. Now we're trying to mimic something that will seem to be
 precious, which has got to do with the wisdom of those days, of the Egyptians, that the original
 of the Egyptians should not be toiled as something that you can insult. All right, and some other
 things within that contest. But let's move on. This is an executive that I want you to see.
 How Africa was known as the land of wisdom and learning.
 Egypt's. We see that Egypt was actually in Israel. Now,
 Miss Ring was a superpower university of the ancient world. So Moses was the deliveror of Israel.
 In our morning days, I'll see that the one that delivered Israel from Egypt was a PhD holder in
 Africa. Egyptian wisdom, when we talk about Egyptian wisdom, that the Bible said that the
 Moses was knowledgeable in all of Egyptian wisdom. Let me tell you what it means. Egyptian wisdom
 is what we call today as mathematics, medicine, and engineering. For example, pyramids is still a
 mystery to date because of the engineering. So if you talk about the wisdom of Egypt,
 the Bible says that Moses was learning all of the wisdom of Egyptians. All in other words,
 Moses was a mathematician. He knew everything concerning medicine,
 and then he was an engineer by himself. The Moses of the Bible. This is who he was.
 So the next time you think that the people that God calls are mostly people that have nothing to do,
 understand that God calls people that are very, very knowledgeable for a reason.
 Look at all the people that Jesus called as disciples. All of them do a skillful in anything they did.
 Everything they did. Like from this guy that was a defender of gospel, from Matthew,
 that was a task collector. See how intelligent he was. Peter, how he was skillful and efficient.
 Look at the people that are most concerning the accounts of Jesus. You think he'll do it no later,
 he'll be able to write down every account they saw about Jesus. You've been reading and writing
 since you were young. Have you sat down to take an account of your life story before?
 Some of you have more cares. You can't keep a day-to-day journal of your activities. Imagine
 keeping for another person. That is what the disciples did. How knowledgeable they are.
 So when I see that the scriptures, anyone that reads the scriptures and has an understanding
 about the Holy Ghost, just know you are intelligent. If the Holy Ghost has ever brought an understanding
 to you before in the scriptures, you're not a mere person. You are very intelligent.
 So who now be left aside? No one knows you. But I didn't do well when I was in grade 4.
 I didn't do well when I was in grade 5. Grade 4, grade 5, what system were you interested in?
 Was it a system that was actually meant for you or used another system?
 Now that is Egypt, right? So again, when we talk about the wisdom of Egypt, just know that
 mathematics is a wisdom of Egypt. Medicine, engineering. Now for some of you, you may not really know
 that when we talk about mathematics, we are not just talking about numbers as you know it. We are
 talking about logic. Logic is actually mathematics. I don't know if you know this.
 But logic is mathematics. Whatever made me wear this dress can be calculated by maths.
 Every mathematician will tell you this. In fact, mathematicians say that mathematics
 in itself is the language of creation. Because you can't read through the lines of creation
 without seeing some zeros and ones. The logic behind it, the reasoning behind it is a kind of maths.
 There is a kind of maths that is going to do with reasoning. So maths is not just 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
 So we are going to medicine. We know that in medicine, we are looking at the pharmaceutical side,
 we are looking at the biological side, we are looking at the physical sides, we are looking at
 symptoms, we are even looking at actual, okay let me tell you this, in that days of old,
 we are looking at how to be able to even know by the stars that there is healing that is coming to
 a particular class of people. Because there was a time where there was nothing like paracetamol,
 but people were healed of headaches by looking at the stars. All of those things came by the
 coston and the wisdom of digits. And do you know that for example, every pharmacist here knows this.
 When you buy, every pharmacist will tell you that, when you are prescribed a drug,
 most of the times when they prescribe for you or they give you the paper, they give you from
 the pharmacy. You realize that you see a particular symbol that is at the age or at the end,
 which looks like an R kind of a symbol. That word is called a recipe, which means to receive.
 It was a lasted way. But when we go into the actual reasoning and meaning to why that word is,
 that word actually roots from the planet called Jupiter, because it's the symbol of Jupiter as
 well. So the people that first brought pharmacy, the knowledge of pharmacy, they actually knew how
 to bring forth drugs by looking into the stars and reading from there, that is the history, all right.
 So this knowledge was mostly with the Egyptians. That is medicine. The ability to be able to take
 an ant that had a bigger mandibles on mouth and then to use that mandible to seal the wound
 of a cat's pressing anesthesia, how anesthetic anesthesia came in the beginnings, how all of those
 things came in the beginnings, how are these things in the beginnings, it was by the knowledge
 of the Egyptians. Now you see that Africa is beyond what you were thinking.
 Engineering, of course, where would you see a great wonder as you would see with the pyramids,
 where are they located? Do you know that there are two places that they have seen pyramids?
 Mostly on the earth, especially mostly in Egypt, mostly because there are some
 somewhere else, but the actual pyramids are seen in Egypt. And the other places that they've seen,
 they've also discovered pyramids on Mars. Who built that pyramid on Mars? You won't go back,
 you won't know. But because now, setting things were taken out. But then in the library of Alexandria,
 those things were there. You see, now I said this, now we are looking about, well, when we are
 talking about wisdom and learning, we are talking about ancient Alexandria for a few of us.
 I've told us this that, so my book, one of the books that is going to be published soon,
 before I wrote the book, the law took me through a system where I had to
 to go into the regions of Alexandria to be able to pick up that which was centering
 those times and see what the strictest century sees and relate with it as I came back to myself.
 Now, the library of Alexandria, we know that that's one of the greatest library in the world. In fact,
 Egypt has the greatest library called the library in Alexandria, or the library of Alexandria.
 Now, we all know Mark, Mark in the Word of God.
 The Bible talks about how that Mark, the author of the gospel called Mark,
 he started a church in Africa. So, Alexandria became the theological capital. People are good.
 Alexandria was the theological capital in Africa. So, if Alexandria dates back to some time backwards,
 and now Alexandria is not in existence, and those that church in Alexandria, you also still think
 that it's the British government or the Italian government or the Spanish government
 or the Portuguese government that brought the gospel. No, what it is that they reminded a
 continent of the gospel that already existed, because if you look at it, you'd realize that
 the Bible talks more of Africa, more about Africa in the scriptures, more than any other continent.
 So, if they wanted for their own favor, why do you think that it was not just something to write
 about just then? So, they didn't write it. So, let's stop doing what Africans like to do,
 and anything you blame it on colonialism, and whatever, whatever, yes, there has been
 colonialism, but don't think that the gospel has anything to do with it. There were people
 to that were genuine, who brought the gospel not because of slavery, but then they couldn't
 even come without going through the same route, that there's people that were using slavery did.
 So, let's not think that everything was wrong. There were pure missionaries that actually came to
 Africa for pure reasons. Don't talk about of anger and hurting whatever that
 that ancestors experienced. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, don't do that.
 Don't do that. Or else you get it wrong. So, now, people are good, prophetically,
 I understand that Africa is a continent of wisdom, and Africa is not a continent of foolishness.
 And I'm telling you that God always raises African fingers who solve war problems.
 And I'm telling you here right now, I prophesied over us, listen,
 God out of us will raise many African thinkers who solve African war problems.
 Africans never should copy, Africans should create. Okay, did you know that before the
 first man ever went to moon, according to what has been said, the first man that ever
 near Armstrong, before he went to moon, do not want that completed the whole, the whole calculations,
 that made it possible for that to happen the first time. You know who did it? That
 was done by a Ghanaian. You know how microwave came into being? Listen, most of the great things
 that we've seen now as interventions were done by blacks, either black women or black men,
 not dry, mentally as well, black women as well. So, let's not take out the fact that when we come,
 when we talk about wisdom and knowledge, the world is more complete with all the black skin.
 Do we get that? Okay. Now, number three,
 Africa was known as the land of refuge and preservation.
 The land of refuge and preservation. And the book of Genesis chapter number two,
 understand the Bible says that Abraham went to Egypt in farming. All right. So, when
 when there was farming and all of that Abraham went to Egypt, Genesis chapter 46, Jacob 17 went
 to Egypt to receive from farming. So, Africa was actually seen as the land of refuge and preservation.
 And I'm telling you, prophetically, that that's those days will be coming back again.
 And they will be far from now. Because there's a time to come where the entire world will agree on
 something Africa will note, and everyone who wants to come to a place or field, you will get it.
 That's what I'm talking about. And this is very public. So, I'm going to talk about much of that.
 But also, you see the book of Matthew chapter two, verse 13 to 15,
 "The bumps that are out of Egypt have I called my son." Right? So, this is the Exegesis.
 From example, Matthew chapter two, verse 15, as we saw it, we see Matthew chapter two, verse 15,
 quoting Jose 11, verse one, Jesus, the city of the world. Remember that the city of the world
 at it was ever through G in Africa. When God was hiding Jesus, where did he hide him?
 When we were killing all of the children, where did he hide Jesus? Jesus was hated Africa.
 So, without evil, he did not come to the land of Africa. He will not have been preserved from
 Herod. So, Africa protected Jesus. You see, the white Egypt from the Hebrew, where is the white
 mikra, which actually means a place of preservation.
 That's why God told Jose, take him to Egypt. So, every time Israel was hungry,
 they ran to Africa to eat. Africa fed Israel. Now, this is the probability thing you need to see.
 Africa is mandate, which is Africa's tag mandate. It's to be refuge, it's to be a refuge continent.
 So, in the last days, when more chicks, Africa will be preserved, and Africa will preserve others.
 We all know that Europe is Asian, but Africa is young. Now, Africa has the youngest population.
 Why? Because God is preserving the future in Africa. That is statistics. God is preserving
 the future in Africa. What should Africans know? You are not and rejects. You are a refuge.
 For those of you that want to go into other nations, don't go because of inferiority.
 Unless you have an assignment, you have no business going to another land, just because of inferiority
 conflict, because the truth is you will come back. If your ministry or your assignment is not
 connected to such places. Africans carry what is called the preservative harmonic. People are gone.
 If you are white and you are here, you need someone who is of the brain skin, because the truth is
 that there will be an innovation with your knowledge or without your knowledge, in awareness or without
 awareness, every white person who needs a black person in their lives, as a friend, as a colleague,
 as something. It's going to be very important. And all these things I'm saying, they are actually
 truth. That is not really spoken of. Now, the fourth thing I want you to know about Africa is this.
 Africa was also known as
 the "the heart of the world."
 [silence]
 [silence]
 Look at this. The book of Jeremiah, chapter number 13.
 People are good. You know what I'm teaching you all of this? I am teaching you all of this because
 I wanted to know that there is an assignment for every member or every citizen or
 every one that comes or heals from a particular continent. So, Africans should understand this
 and save their destiny in alignment to their completion. An African who does not save destiny
 in alignment to their, to what the world has set for them, will lose out and will not have the
 fulfilling life. It doesn't matter what your assignment is, it's connected to the land you come from.
 So, you may not be from there, but you have to understand the culture, the character,
 the language and the heart and God's sex for the people. Do you get it? Now, so,
 Jeremiah 13, verse 23.
 look at the Bible says, "Can the Ethiopian changes skin or the leopard exports? Neither
 can you do good, who are accustomed to doing evil?" In other words, what the Bible was
 saying here is that if you do work, do work, go up, come down. The blacks are meant to be
 beautiful because they can't change their skin and they can't change their look. God
 made it that way for a reason. If you're here and you are not of the black decent, all you
 have to do is to love what they are because you also have your own peculiarity, peculiar
 and I will show you how peculiar other continents are but you can't take beauty out of Africa.
 Songs of Solomon chapter number one is fine. The Bible says, "I am black but comely."
 Do you know what that means? I'm black but I'm so beautiful, I'm humble and I'm precious.
 Oh, it pains me when people don't really know who they are. Some people don't really
 know who they are. Now watch this. In the book of Numbers chapter number 12 is one.
 The Bible also says that Moses, Moses, he married an Ethiopian woman. Remember, okay,
 it was the school of miniatures talking about that. Because now he told the people that,
 "Oh, marry amongst yourselves." But he went to marry an Ethiopian woman and then Miriam
 and Iron came to see a brother. He told us this, that God said this. So why am I somebody
 else? There were siblings but God saw it as a problem. You see, when the Ethiopian wife
 was mentioned, God came in the defense of the amount of God to say, "Don't touch my
 anointed and do my prophet, Noham." Listen, there is beauty in the black skin. Those people
 that carry them, the bent skin or the black skin. You know what I'm talking about, the
 black skin? We know what we are talking about. I don't want to go into that. Understand
 there is how you are peculiar in your own ways. Now in the book of second chronicles, look
 at second chronicles. In the book of second chronicles, second chronicles chapter number
 14, recent number 9. Okay. Look at this. Look at this. Zera, the Kushite, marched out against
 them with a vast army and 300 chariots and came as far as Marisha. Now, Zera was an Ethiopian.
 And one thing about Zera was that Zera had a million man army. That's what the Babu says.
 Many, many army and even 300 chariots. Do you know how much one chariot was? So you'll
 see that the land had money enough to do what they wanted to do at that time. The question
 is how did the Africans get to a point where they didn't know who to wear? We'll see it.
 We'll see it. We'll see it tomorrow. Now this is Exegesis. Do you remember in the book of
 Ash after 8 verse 27, the Babu talked about how the Philip, how to explain the book of Isaiah
 to the Ethiopian yunok? Okay. Let me show you in Scripture's Acts. The book of Acts.
 So if you're in school and then you've seen that you have some black friends and they
 are so good in school, don't hate them if I were you. I would go and let them teach
 me the way they study or something about their nature so that I can rub all of that
 knowledge into myself. So those of us here that are, that are the Haidisans, understand
 that God is not a God of separation and anyone that believes in racism is a low-minded person.
 It's like you are below standard of what creation is supposed to be with man because if you
 truly understood you would understand that the reason why we are all different is so
 that this end can be complete because everyone has his role. It's not supposed to win division.
 If you're a black person and you envy a white person, there's something wrong with you because
 they have their peculiarity and you have yours, studying what you're supposed to do,
 let them studying what you're supposed to do and when we come together we create what
 the world is going to call a perfect earth. A perfect earth is created when the people
 understand what they are and that is what it's supposed to be. That's how it's supposed
 to be. How did you hear? So don't let's let's let's follow that quickly. Look at this.
 So at chapter 8 verse 27, the Bible says, "So he started out," okay, let me start from verse
 27, "now an angel of the Lord said to Philip, 'Go south to the root, the deserts root,
 that goes down from Jerusalem together.' So he started out and on his way, he met an Ethiopian
 unit, an important official in charge of all the treasury of candies, the queen of the Ethiopians.
 This man had gone to Jerusalem to worship. See, the Ethiopian unit had gone to Jerusalem to
 worship, and you think that some people of some lands brought the gospel. This man left Africa
 way to Israel to worship in the days of Acts. The way Ethiopian, when you look at it from the
 Greek, is the way atos, atos, which actually meant the burnt face. In other words, the Ethiopian
 unit was a high-placed one. He was a treasure, he was not asleep. Do you know what I mean? You know
 kids. You see, sometimes we just read and we don't see the weights of the people we are reading
 about in the scriptures. He was a eunuch. He was not just anyone. He was a eunuch. In our days,
 we'll call him maybe a minister in charge of something, maybe a governmental appointed minister,
 a treasure of a nation. He was a very big man. And did you know that God intentionally chose
 Africa to be the first Gentile converts to Christianity outside the Jews after resurrection?
 Right after the Jews were converted to Christianity, the one that believed in Jesus. The next group
 of people, the first Gentiles we ever see, when you hear the word Gentiles, the first people that
 actually believed in Jesus were Africans. When I hear Africans say that, let's go back to our roots
 because our roots was never gone. It was never Jesus. I'm like, you don't know roots. When you
 talk about your roots, you're talking about 200 years ago. You're talking about 300 years ago.
 We are talking about 2000 years ago. You want to talk about roots? Let's go away back to Noah.
 Over 5,000 years back, they all believed in Yahweh, God. Then go through Jesus's king. They all
 believed in him. So when you say that Christianity is not for us, Christianity, because everyone
 has here, when I see of leads, the devil has been pushing that force gospel. That Christianity
 is not whatever people of God have been saying this. Jesus came to do beyond what religion is.
 So I think it's really more of an issue when you limit the role of Jesus in the life of the
 earth to religion. It's a problem. So in the song of Solomon, we see concerning the woman
 called the shulah mine to man. The shulah mine to man said, I am black and I am beautiful.
 Where's my songs of Solomon? I can't find my songs of Solomon. Hey, where's my songs of Solomon?
 Songs of songs, songs of songs, chapter number one, verse five.
 It's a dark of eye, yet lovely, old daughters of Jerusalem, dark like the tents of Kidar,
 like the tent curtains of Solomon. So black was beautiful.
 You see? So in the Hebrew, the word there is the word shakor, which means dark. Black was the
 word yapi, so dark or black. And then we have the word yapi, which means beautiful, lovely.
 In other words, according to the Bible, black is beautiful. Black is a very attractive,
 attractive completion. The whole world cannot deny it. The main reason why, please, again,
 if you're here, in one reason or another, you were a bully. You were Solomon that was a racist.
 I'm telling you again that it was not necessary. It was not necessary because you cannot stop it.
 Today's present day is the audience. They are so handsome and beautiful.
 They still are a marvel to the earth and to be. Anytime I'd like to give the Jew,
 people of one mind, the PR in church is an Ethiopian. So I love Ethiopia. I actually love
 Ethiopia. Anytime I want to take a flight, I like to take it to Ethiopia because I love
 Ethiopia. I want to see Ethiopia over and over and over and over again because it makes me get
 so close to the days of the scriptures so much. So I love Ethiopia. And they are always having
 this kind of beauty and context, please. If you're watching me, it's the truth. No one can take
 it from you guys. I mean, they come to call Ethiopia and even if they're getting a latch,
 I'm going to latch. It's the truth. You see, so understand that the Bible says that
 in songs of Solomon, he said, "I am black and I am beautiful."
 These are probably like word consonant there.
 You see, there is an African curse of colorism but that is a lie. There is no curse of colorism.
 That came because of colonialism and it was not from Bible. The Bible never speaks against the
 black skin. It's never true. It has never been the case. So people of God, stop seeing things in
 that way. If you're here and your feet were shaking because you were told, someone somewhere
 who had had some unnecessary experience that has no roots and no proof will come to you
 something and you just believed. The scriptures that are proving itself from the time it was brought
 to now. You still find it hard to believe but someone's a sweet thing you can believe.
 How do you get to that point?
 This is a provided way to us. So God is calling as anyone that is black. God is calling
 black beautiful and God is telling you that black man, you have strength.
 The Kushites were known as night warriors. The Bible says in the book of Isaiah chapter 18 verse
 2 that there were a nation that were tall and smooth. In other words, you couldn't have talked
 about a smooth skin without talking about the black. Okay, you like it? This means it. I read
 it so I just read it for you. Isaiah 18 verse 2. See, which sex from this one, what the land of
 wearing are wings along the rivers of Kush, which stands envoys by sea in popular boats
 over the water goes with messengers to a people tall and smooth skinned to a pimpy
 sea and far and wide. You see, so the black was smooth skinned, tall in nature,
 and then the black was an aggressive nation of strange speech.
 Whose land is divided by rivers? When the baratose was strange, you mean that there were
 mysterious? So that may she still stand still today.
 And this is the reason why some blacks are hated. So if you're black and then maybe you're
 going through some racism, don't attack people that don't understand you because they attack you
 know, rather use your excellence and your peculiarity to speak to them in their own right way they
 need to understand. Or if you have to contact them, contact them from your place of your place of
 gifts or the truth is that there's something special. Now, for those of you as well, as I say,
 because this is a balanced place, we have I have sons and daughters from all around the world,
 we have whites here, we have black, we have all kinds of people. So we got to understand this.
 But if you are watching me and you are a white, don't think that you are superior because of
 your complexion. You don't know. You are very ignorant. Let's stop that thing because the truth is,
 if you are truly talking about complexion, then the truth is that the whites will not have anywhere
 to come close to superiority. But according to the word of God, everyone is special in their own way.
 So let's stop. This is this and this is that, this is that, this is that. That's not what we
 are as a people. We are one united by God. And we stay as such. We all come from one man.
 We all also come and heal from no one. We are one. We are one. We are only different in our ways.
 So we see someone doing things that are not right. Bring them back to correction.
 No one has the right to believe to another person because what your forefathers did it.
 You think you have the right to do it in this 21st century. It's not needed. It's not needful.
 Number five.
 Did you know that Africa was also moon as the land of water and revival?
 In the book of Ezekiel 19, it's a prophetic word.
 Ezekiel 19, the whole scripture, but then in verse 19 to 25, is the most important prophecy
 for Africa. The Bible says that in that day, there shall be an altar to the Lord in the midst
 of the land of Egypt, and a pillar of the border derelict to the Lord. And the Lord shall be known
 to Egypt, and Egyptians shall know the Lord. Listen, God is saying that there is a time
 coming in the prophetic word by the forensic widow said by Isaiah, where the entirety of Africa,
 the entirety of the museum. Understand when the Bible talks about the agency is not just
 talking about the country we know as Egypt. There are other people that were also called
 Egyptians. In the country of the museums, the Bible says that there is going to be an entire
 revival, a revival of Africa. The verse 19 says, "There will be an altar in the midst of Egypt."
 What do many people see now as them? People see pyramid. People see the Coptic Church.
 But spiritually, Africa will have an altar to the one true God.
 To the one true God. Look at the verse 21. He said, "The Lord shall be known to the Egyptians."
 In other words, Egypt shall worship the one true God, not idols.
 I'll leave it at that. The verse 24 to 25 says, "In that day shall Israel be fed with
 Egypt and Assyria. Blessed be Egypt my people and Assyria,
 whack of my hands and Israel my inheritance." In the Hebrews, in the Hebrew language God calls
 Egypt's ami, which means my people. The same title God gives to Israel, God gives to Egypt.
 As my people. So, Africa is actually the people of God because God calls them ami.
 Okay, now this is a prophetic word here. God sees at the end that Africa, in other words, Egypt,
 will be called my people. There will be seen as second class citizens. Africa will be equal,
 but not in world revival with Israel and even though it's happening. This is happening now.
 Africa has largest Christian fulfilled and being fulfilled. So, what Africa should
 know is that you are not forgotten people. You are called my people by God.
 The last day's revival is actually Africa revival.
 I remember that there was one man in the head that he went to have a program in.
 I think the baseball pitch, one of the biggest one in London or so,
 and then it was 80,000 and then he thought, "How is this going to be possible?" And then
 all of a sudden he realized that the people came in and all that it was all filled. He said, "Now,
 God are the days where people, the whites, will come to, or the British will come to Africa
 to spread the gospel." Now, Africans are going there to rather spread the gospel more.
 So, it's no advice, but it's the thing. And there's like more of the revival are seen from Africa.
 Now, people like him and men are good from Africa, more than every other man
 will do, men will go from other places. Why? Prophecy fulfilled.
 So, last day's revival is an African revival. It's African revival. Now, number six.
 Africa was known as the Land of Kings and priests. For example, Simon of Siree,
 and the Ethiopian Luke, we've seen that. So, much of the 15th, the school of one talks about
 Simon the Siree. When we talk about Siree, Siree is the Land of Libya.
 And North Africa, Libya, North Africa, so Siree. Remember that Simon of Siree was the one that
 carried the cross of Jesus. He carried the cross on Jesus.
 And then we saw right now that actually the AIDS, that the Ethiopian, you know, took the gospel
 to Africa. Second, so much of the 18th verse, 21. The Bible also says, "concenting the Kushites."
 The Kushites, those are man called Kushi, C-U-S-H-I. In second, so much of the 18th verse,
 he was the trusted messenger of David. I had a story that will say this and this is the truth.
 And especially in the country, Ghana.
 It's very unlikely that you send a galleon in on an errand and they'll run with the money.
 Many galleons won. One person said that he came to the country, Ghana. In fact, a couple went to
 the country, Ghana. And then when they were there, they were in the hotel called Movementic.
 And so they saw a stranger outside and gave the stranger a huge amount of money to buy
 some things at the mall for the person. And the wife was like, "Why would you give the
 stranger money? What even never returns?" And the husband said, "Don't worry, it's Ghana.
 It's going to come." The person came with the entire show of everything that he was sent with
 and also brought the change. And the man by that gave him very expensive watches and dresses and
 perfumes. So this is something that you can say for other countries and other places in the world.
 And so it's important that if you don't stay on what God has given you, these are all the
 things that you'll be, you'll have an issue with. You will not live your life the way it's supposed
 to be. Let me show you some few examples here. Watch this. Simon of Cyrene. As I said, Cyrene is in
 Libya. Now, he was an African man that was chosen to carry the cross. It means that Africa shares
 in the suffering and the glory of Christ. Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Without Simon, Jesus will have
 fallen. So in other words, Africa helped Jesus fulfill destiny. And he still think that the message
 of Jesus was brought to us by another is, the one that helped Jesus carry the cross. He was from
 Africa, similar to Cyrene. He was from Africa to be specific from Libya.
 Do you see it? So Africa helped Jesus fulfill destiny.
 So this is the prophetic word you need to learn about that as well. See, Africa's rule is a cross
 carrier. And always, Africa is to carry the burden of the gospel to the world. When others are tired,
 when everyone is smelling Africans, they stand calling Gidiba, they stand
 for the gospel. Where are these tried? Africans don't try to do it. That's why African missionaries
 are everywhere now. One of the countries that has really produced a lot of missionaries around
 the world is America, USA to be specific, USA. I think the majority, you can't talk about
 missionary. Missionary work without talking about Jewish. But now, African missionaries are
 all around the world, scattered everywhere. You can make a research. You see it? Now, number seven,
 very important. Africa is known as the land of future. That you see that from the book of Psalms
 shuttle number 68, verse 31. Now, in Psalms, chapter 68, verse 31, the Bible says,
 "If Yupya Shaoshu stretch out her hands onto God." I said, "The human word is the word kush."
 So it's kush tariit ziyadav, which actually means if Yupya Shaar run, stretch their hands. In
 other words, Africa won't run. And there will be the ones to stretch their hands to God. That is
 real fiber. In other words, the people of the Black land shall run to God. And they shall be saved.
 I'll play that song. Africa will be saved. I'll play that song when we are done.
 Now, in Zephaniah, chapter number three, verse 10, the Bible says, "The form beyond the
 rebirth of Ethiopia my so clients, even daughter of my dispersed shall bring my offering beyond
 rebirth of Ethiopia means deep Africa." That's what it means. So when you hear the Bible says that
 from beyond rebirth of Ethiopia my so clients, "Even daughter of my disperse shall bring my
 offering." This is what it means. It means deep Africa. We are talking about central Africa,
 West, Western Africa, Southern Africa. They shall bring offering to God. They will not beg,
 but they will bring offering to God. Listen to me, this is this prophetic word.
 There is a time coming ahead that the greatest divis and the greatest plantis,
 financially, resource of the kingdom and of the church will be found with Africans.
 It's coming. It's not going to be far from now. You won't talk about wealth in the kingdom,
 not talk about Africa. Africa will have the majority. It is no far from now because God is
 intentionally and silently building people. That will take on for that preservation of the gospel.
 People will go. There is a level the gospel will be preserved. It can only be preserved by the
 black skinned wife. Remember that Africa is also the land of the preserved. Jesus himself,
 when he was two and then Herod was killing all children. We saw that God told Joseph to take him
 out to Egypt. So Jesus' life was also preserved in those things. So from the skia, which is this
 shandles, we see it. And in the reality, it's good to be a reality.
 So the Africans listening understand that, understand that. Your future is more
 necessarily in northern America, southern America, Europe. No, no, no, no. Your future
 is hand stretched to God, bringing offering. That is, you see, your future is not necessarily in
 traveling to a place and your evangelism to the world. People of God, if there are many people
 to do great evangelism for the gospel, it should be Africans. Why? Because without
 Africans, the gospel will not be preserved. I'm telling you. The gospel will not be present
 because it is embedded in the life of the Africans as a people of preservation.
 It's the facts. Now this is what Africa must know. Africans, this is what you must know. I know
 that just a few people listening to me know how I wish that everyone of the black skin was listening,
 but I know for sure you will take the message far and we will, so to your global highlights,
 let's try to cut some of these messages, okay, so that we can spread it out there.
 So we can help the people of Africa as well to do so much for God. Africans are more men to be lazy.
 They are not men to be lived in the ruins. They are men to be knowledgeable. I'm surely all of those
 things. Now, I'm going to give you five mandates that every African must know. Five mandates,
 you have five mandates, number one. The first mandate of every African is to break
 mental curse. You are not cursed. You are blessed. And you remember that the son of Bob Marison said,
 "Imancie, beat yourself from mental slavery. None but ourselves can fear minds and is the truth.
 No one can free the black with all the bloods."
 Stop saying that. And Africa has to link all the others because we are not.
 It's just effect. But if an African decides that they are going to emancipate, I like the way
 emancipation, you know, it's free yourself totally with no link back onto mental slavery.
 So you see what he said? "But mine didn't say 'mancie, beat yourself from slavery.' But
 emancipate yourself from mental slavery." And he said, "None but ourselves can fear minds."
 So break that mental curse. Stop thinking that you are cursed. You are cursed. African is
 not cursed. Who told you that? It's not true. And in the tournament chapter 28, curse is for
 disobedience. It's not for being African. No one didn't curse harm. Don't forget. No one cursed
 kinen. No squish misremo pute. So stop preaching, harm, curse, harm, curse, harm was ever cursed in the
 Bible. In Galatians of the United States, Christ redeemed us from curse. So no one is... Let's stop
 talking about curse, curse, no, no, no, no, no. If you guys are not cursed. If you guys are not cursed,
 Africans, teach your children that they are blessed. Teach them that they are blessed.
 That is your first mandate by emancipating yourself from mental slavery of curse to blessing.
 Now, the second mandate every African should know is you have the mandate of reclaiming wealth.
 In other words, God wants the African to move from a place of begging to stewardship.
 The black skinned or the bare skinned was not meant to be a beggar. If you are listening
 from any county, we are not. The black skinned is not meant to beg. You are out of place to beg.
 You have access. Why gold is here, oil is here, coco is here, diamond is in Africa. But poverty
 is so much because there is no stewardship. Remember what the Bible says in the book of Genesis
 chapter 2, verse 15. "Go to Adam, dress and keep the garden." African leaders. I know you watch
 sometimes. Those of us here that are African leaders, those of us here that you have families
 that are actual African leaders. I know you watch me. Those that join me with
 fake accounts, because you don't want anyone to know. I'm not going to mention you, but you watch
 me. Please, Africa, please understand those of you that are wanting to get into the governmental
 sector. Learn from now that you are meant to make a difference. People in Africa should benefit
 from the African land in the right way. Everyone should play their role. It's important.
 Dress and keep the garden. Let's develop systems. You see why everyone has to go into politics?
 When I hear people say that, "Oh, Noah, I said believe I you don't need to." So, if you
 don't believe I doesn't go into politics, who should change it?
 Be there. Daniel. Daniel was a president. Daniel. Daniel was the president of his nation.
 Daniel. Daniel. Perfect. Daniel was a president. We didn't be saying things anyhow.
 Perfect. Daniel was a president. So, people have got it. It's very important.
 Africa has to learn excellence, or else you can't fulfill what you're called to be.
 Africa must learn excellence, ethics, and value addition when Africa gets these things.
 That is that. Africa should not export raw process. Raw, raw, raw, raw, raw stuff.
 Africa should not export raw materials. Rather, Africa must learn to process the materials.
 Now, we have known this from time past. Africa has known this from things to themselves.
 But we have enough resources to build what we have. And I tell you, see, listen, if Africa does
 not play the role it should play by preservation, the entire world is in trouble. So, Africa
 presents the land. This is a prophetic word for us. This is the time to add value.
 Can you imagine, for example, Ghana, South Africa, we are known. South Africa, Ghana is known for
 for gold. For example, Ghana's gold should become jewelry in Ghana. It should not be jewelry in Dubai.
 Can you imagine, in Tanzania, they have their rarest mineral called the Tanzanite. Tanzanite
 should not be best used by any other country, better than Tanzanite. Don't ship raw stuff.
 Process them and build more value. Let's build a system that would help,
 because the truth is, if Africa decides to work in the fullness of what Africa has,
 Africa will never break or break.
 All the begging and all of that will stop. We don't need that. I know in building things that
 sometimes we need help, we need support. And the beautiful people that are willing to support
 let them support. But once you are supported, you don't stay in that place. You belong to
 you become the preservation of the world. This is what you need to understand. Become the preservation
 of the earth. Stop certain things that don't even give glory and praise to God.
 The third mandate, reclaim identity. People are gone. Reclaim identity. Reclaim identity.
 Last evening. What is your identity as Black people? Those of us here, Black, you are Black,
 you are beautiful, and you are wise.
 If you're Black, in the sense where you are of the Black skin, stop, stop, stop bleaching to the
 point where you want to look like something you are not. You know what I mean? Like how
 white do you want to look like? Even the whites, they like to turn your skin so that they can
 get a little bit of melanin. You are taking it away. Why? You know why many people reach? They
 do that because of inferiority. When we change that inferiority complex, things will change.
 You are fair. You are fine. It's good. You don't need to be white.
 It's always in songs up to one verse five. He said, "I am Black but commonly."
 So people of God, in our schools, we can start with our children, but if you're here in the
 educational system, add it in your teaching strategy. Teach history.
 You see, many of you have been realized that most is educated in Africa.
 Jesus was protected in Africa. The first amphibians were Africans.
 First amphibians were Africans. Really? Yes. There was a man called Tertullian
 or Gaston. They were all African. Tertullian or Gaston, they were all African.
 So listen, did you even know that Christianity was in Africa before Europe?
 Christianity was in Africa before Europe. So let's reclaim identity.
 The Fourth Mandate. Reclaimed old altar. Why? Because when Viva is in this continent,
 this continent of Africa is called the continent, the continent of revival.
 In Isaiah chapter 19, verse 19, you see it there. There is an entire altar in Africa.
 Let me tell you something. The Bible talks about the angels in charge of the four corners
 of the earth. The Bible talks about the angels in charge of the four elements of the earth,
 which is the angel of water, the angel of fire, the angel of air, and the angel of land of the land.
 Did you know that the angel of water actually got themselves
 around the Gulf of Guinea?
 When there is a major state of the waters, decisions are taken from that, please.
 We are not going into elements. Oh my god, I want to come back to it. But anyway, I'm talking
 about Africa. That's why I had to mention it. If I will talk about the administration of the
 angel called Rafael, and that angel is connected with the stand-up of waters,
 from what is called the, what is called the breed-witch meridian line, or the center
 of the earth. We all know that the center of the earth is in Africa, right? Or around Africa.
 Yeah. In fact, there is a point someone gathered, I visited that place before,
 where you are going to see there is just one word that talks about the center of the earth.
 Those of you that have not visited before, you can go visit it. I think it's around a place called
 Cantalpo, so yeah, it's there. So, it's wonderful. You see, now there I went there and I saw that
 and all that. It felt very mysterious to me. And I'm like, the people around, do they realize what's
 going on here? That the entire center of the earth, it seems to be there. It's wonderful.
 So, you see, people are good. Let's understand that. We claim all the,
 Africa is a prayer continent and it must still be a prayer continent, not just a party continent.
 So, it saddens me when I see what especially some South, especially because I've been in South Africa,
 some house of Africa, some part of South Africa is telling all to me.
 Thank my dream job that people like to party and all of that. It's not needful.
 Let's come back to revival because that is what we are as a continent.
 You don't need most of the things that you think you're doing.
 You know, family altars, national altars should be raised.
 Yeah, it passes to Africa, yeah, as well. If Africa prays the truth is that God heals,
 God heals. Now the fifth Monday and then we are done.
 We claim mission.
 In other words, just a seaman of Syrian dead. Africa must evangelize when the west becomes cold.
 As of the eight, we saw that the Ethiopian Enoch,
 the African Enoch took the gospel home.
 And the truth is that if the Ethiopian never became any other religious nation,
 whatever they called themselves, no, it was never like that.
 It was only African nation.
 You see, only African nation.
 Only African nation.
 So please, African nation was never colonized fully, you know why?
 Because of the gospel that was here.
 Now, if you are an African diaspora in Europe, in America,
 in Asia, you should understand that you are missionary.
 You are missionary without you are missionary.
 And so today was for Africa. Tomorrow is going to be for Europe.
 The next day is going to be for Asia and the other one is going to be for the Americas.
 All right, then we'll look at Australia as well.
 Have you been blessed by today's work?
 Before we pray and then see any other thing that God has for us.
 Before we pray, before we pray and all of that,
 there's anyone actually have a fresh thing. How about those we've learned?
 And what have you learned? I want to hear what you've learned.
 Let me start with a Macintae and then I'll go to go to Mel and then maybe I'll see from
 Mama Corole and Provedemas and Chef Kean.
 Let's start with Macintae.
 He sure stood. Yes.
 Amen.
 Okay, let me go to.
 Okay.
 Oh, Passadano is here.
 This is the Mama Corole.
 And then Michelle across, please send me a request. I'll not see you there.
 Hello, Mama Corole.
 Hi, Passadano is here.
 Bless the evening. How are you doing?
 All it gives you is praise. Have you been blessed by the word tonight?
 Yes, that's what I do.
 Amazing, amazing. Was there anything that the culture interests when the word was taught?
 Yeah, because, you know, they always, they could believe that they don't have African, you know,
 they, you know, kind of make you feel like, how does it dominate your kind of way?
 I mean, you think I was like, you know, that you're from that corner, you know, your mental,
 that's the way mentality that you really, that that the possession of.
 And we always say Africa is the most richest country, you know, you always say that there's
 the most richest country around the Julian and son because when I stop and I view like Kenya and
 and different parts, sometimes I'm watching on YouTube and I will see, you know, that, you know,
 that you're looking at it, you see it, but it's beautiful, you know,
 it's so beautiful. Yeah, you're right. Yeah.
 Listen, what do you show you otherwise, you know, and it has so much nature out there.
 You know, because when I'm in the middle of the system, we will watch, I will say, you know,
 the other visit, you know, and can you know, what?
 [silence]
 [silence]
 [silence]
